Hey what's up guys.
Welcome to this lesson which is going to be the last one about the thing because the miser in this lesson
as promised we're going to make our math more dynamic.
You remember that lesson in which we created our map.
It has included two values manually.
For those who don't remember how I started my open ended page home that BGB file again here at the end
of the file we have the Google Maps I-frame.
But notice here that these two values the API key and the address were hard coded into the file.
And here comes the question how the owner of the site home most of the time doesn't understand anything
about programming and it's not for us to understand.
Of course we all manage to edit those values.
This is very unlikely to happen.
So today we're going to learn how to create a friendly or directive to the site owner or to a thin user.
OK.
At the end of this lesson you're going to have to do new fields in customizing and you'll be able to
set both the API key and the address in a very friendly way.
Let's start with the customer that ph file as add a new comment here
and I'm here you're going to be creating a new section to speed up a bit.
I'm going to copy this portion here.
And I'm going to change only the necessary venues.
The section name is should be SAQ underscore.
Matt
and description
OK.
Now we can create the settings and the controls.
Let's do this.
First of all for the API key let's copy the setting here.
And let's change the name of the setting.
In our case it will be set and the score map underscore API key.
The setting will be responsible for saving and retrieve the API key value in the Word Press.
WP options table the default value will be empty.
And as this to also be a common text field that's keep the same callback.
Now let's include the control copy again.
Let's call this control the R L and the score Meck underscore API key we set a label and here in description
as do different Let's give an instruction to the user.
If they don't have a key yes let's include the link so that they can generate the key themselves.
And now we only need to specify which section and setting this control belongs to
OK.
Now let's do the same thing for the address viewed as Scobie.
All of this here and we only need to replace the values
as condescending set underscore MacT underscore address.
Now as this view will be a text area with multiple lines the callback needs to be different.
Naspers here ask underscore textarea.
This one is another WordPress function capable of sanitising the data passed in the textarea fude and
the corresponding control will be called CTE r l underscore map and the score address.
Let's ask the user not to type special characters in here.
OK in my experience this feud will work even if the user types are special characters in.
But let's ask them not to do this finally.
That said the section
setting
and the field stype will be textarea
OK let's say and let's check out our customized.
Now we have a new section here.
Let's click here and we finally have urge you new foods.
Let's see if you can set any value here.
Copy the API key.
We're testing
unless we specify a different address for Emap
let's say
nice we have no errors and the fields are still here which means they have been saved onto the database.
Good.
Now how are supposed to use these fields.
Well very easy.
First let's go back to the page home that page profile the way to do this that I consider to be the
easiest way is first create two variables above the I-frame.
Let's open the tags up here.
That's great the first variable call key and this variable.
You get the value of a get thing mod with a setting that holds the value of the API key which is called
set and the score map and the score API key.
Now the other variable will be called the tress and it will do the same thing but for the other setting
but a very important detail.
When we retrieve the value of the address it may not be passed with the correct formatting to the map
depending on how the user enters the address.
It will be included in the link with special characters spaces comer's line breaks and this can cause
some problems to prevent this from happening.
We're going to wrap the value returned from the database with a native function called your L in code.
According to the HP manual This function is convenient when encoding the string to be used in a query.
Part of the Eurail as a convenient way to pass variables to the next page.
So as you use it here now comes these sparrers as replace the fixed values with the variables we just
created.
Since these values come directly from the database we ensure that they are always dynamic.
First let's delete the key value
and the echo.
The variable key out
and we're going to do the same thing with the address variable
saith.
And this time let's make the text directly in the customize or
let's change the address
and automatically.
You'll notice that the map with the new address is rendered in the thing.
Wow that's simply fantastic.
It's brilliant.
Let's change the address again.
And there this.
Very good that safe
and everything's ready.
That's it.
Folks I really hope you enjoy this lesson and I also hope that you have the chance to use these ideas
in real projects for me that would be really really rewarding.
OK but the cost doesn't end here in the following sections.
Are you going to learn the basics about fien internationalization and we also learned a way to package
Arfin for distribution.
So until then see your.